Fixed grammatical errors in README.md (#2691)
python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot: README.rst

    $ pip install python-telegram-bot --upgrade

> Or you can install from the source with:

Reviewer: please revert this line - "installing from source" is pretty much a fixed expression IMO

We believe that the best way to learn this package is by example. Here
are some examples for you to review. Even if it is not your approach for learning, please take a

> look at ``echobot.py``. Itis the de facto base for most of the bots out there. Best of all,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
look at ``echobot.py``. It is the de facto base for most of the bots out there. Best of all,
```

========
Donating
========

> Occasionally we are asked if we accept donations to support the development. While we appreciate the thought, maintaining PTB is our hobby ,and we have almost no running costs for it. We therefore have nothing set up to accept donations. If you still want to donate, we kindly ask you to donate to another open source project/initiative of your choice instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally we are asked if we accept donations to support the development. While we appreciate the thought, maintaining PTB is our hobby, and we have almost no running costs for it. We therefore have nothing set up to accept donations. If you still want to donate, we kindly ask you to donate to another open source project/initiative of your choice instead.
```
